Remove docker-collector makefile target (#50)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-service: demos/trace/README.md

# OpenTelemetry Service Demo

*IMPORTANT:* This is a pre-released version of the OpenTelemetry Service and does not yet
implement full functionality required to run this demo.

> For now, please use the [OpenCensus Service](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-service).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, please use the [OpenCensus Service](https://github.com/census-instrumentation/opencensus-service).
```

Reviewer 2: 👍

Author: Fixed, thanks.
